Salesforce Marketing Cloud Connector Reference v3.0.0 (#487)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce/salesforce-mktg-connector-reference.adoc

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
| Client Id a| String |  The OAuth client ID as registered with the service provider. |  | x
| Client Secret a| String |  The OAuth client secret as registered with the service provider. |  | x
| Token Url a| String |  The service provider's token endpoint URL. |  https://{domain}.auth.marketingcloudapis.com/v2/token |
| Scopes a| String |  The OAuth scopes to be requested during the dance. If not provided, it defaults to those in the annotation. |  |
| Object Store a| String |  A reference to the object store that should be used to store each resource owner id's data. If not specified, runtime will automatically provision the default one. |  |
|===

> == Supported Operations

Reviewer: Move the list that is under "Supported Operations" to under the next heading "Operations" and delete the "Supported Operations" header.

| Object Type a| String |  The type of object being performed the action on. |  | x
| Amount a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time, in the unit defined in Read timeout time unit, that the consumer waits for a response before it times out. |  |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Read timeout. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Object
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SFDC-MARKETING-CLOUD:CONNECTIVITY
* SFDC-MARKETING-CLOUD:INVALID_INPUT
* SFDC-MARKETING-CLOUD:PARSING
* SFDC-MARKETING-CLOUD:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SFDC-MARKETING-CLOUD:THROTTLED

[[Retrieve]]
== Retrieve entities
`<sfdc-marketing-cloud:retrieve>`

> The Retrieve method enables the retrieval of a single object type. This method retrieves specified object properties only. Filters can be applied to retrieves to ensure that only relevant results are returned. Only the properties that have values for the object are returned. If an object that is requested does not exist, no results are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Retrieve method enables the retrieval of a single object type. This method retrieves specified object properties only. You can apply filters to Retrieve methods to ensure that only relevant results are returned. Only the properties that have values for the object are returned. If an object that is requested does not exist, no results are returned.
```

|===

[[Tls]]
=== Tls

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Enabled Protocols a| String | A comma-separated list of protocols enabled for this context. |  |
| Enabled Cipher Suites a| String | A comma-separated list of cipher suites enabled for this context. |  |
| Trust Store a| <<TrustStore>> |  |  |
| Key Store a| <<KeyStore>> |  |  |
| Revocation Check a| * <<StandardRevocationCheck>>
* <<CustomOcspResponder>>
* <<CrlFile>> |  |  |
|===

[[TrustStore]]
=== Trust Store

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Path a| String | The location (which will be resolved relative to the current classpath and file system, if possible) of the trust store. |  |
| Password a| String | The password used to protect the trust store. |  |
| Type a| String | The type of store used. |  |
| Algorithm a| String | The algorithm used by the trust store. |  |
| Insecure a| Boolean | If true, no certificate validations will be performed, rendering connections vulnerable to attacks. Use at your own risk. |  |
|===

[[KeyStore]]

> === Key Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Keystore
```

Reviewer: All instances of key store should be keystore. But this is something we need to fix in the source.

| Prefer Crls a| Boolean | Try CRL instead of OCSP first. |  |
| No Fallback a| Boolean | Do not use the secondary checking method (the one not selected before). |  |
| Soft Fail a| Boolean | Avoid verification failure when the revocation server cannot be reached or is busy. |  |
|===

[[CustomOcspResponder]]
=== Custom Ocsp Responder

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Url a| String | The URL of the OCSP responder. |  |
| Cert Alias a| String | Alias of the signing certificate for the OCSP response (must be in the trust store), if present. |  |
|===

[[CrlFile]]
=== Crl File

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Path a| String | The path to the CRL file. |  |
|===

[[Reconnection]]
=== Reconnection

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Fails Deployment a| Boolean | When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |

> | Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>

Reviewer: Update the Reconnect and Reconnect Forever blocks per Step 8 of our reference instructions.
